# YouTube Video Transcript

Video ID: iAguzhI_QD0
Language: English (auto-generated) (en)

what I've seen as the norm well what
I've seen as The Cutting Edge standard
for corporations and the ultra the ultra
wealthy and even uh intelligence
organizations is that we have trip wires
it's better if you can't prevent from
being hacked the next best thing is to
know as soon as you get hacked because
then you can essentially terminate all
the information if you know it fast
enough you can just destroy the
information this is what the ultra
wealthy do they have multiple phones so
as soon as one phone gets hacked the
trip wire goes off the operating system
is totally deleted along with all data
on the phone and a second phone is
turned on with a whole new separate set
of metadata and now they for them
there's no break in service it's just oh
this phone went black it's got a warning
on it that says it was hacked so trash
it because they don't care about the
price of the phone pick up the next
phone and we move on that's that's the
best thing that you can do essentially
outside of trying to out Haack the
hackers uh and then even in your
intelligence and Military worlds where
the Cyber where cyber warfare is active
the people who are aggressing are not
trying to create aggression that beats
security they're trying to find a
aggressive techniques offensive
techniques that have no security built
around them yet because it's too cost
and time intensive to protect against
what you know is coming it's so much
more efficient and cost- effective to go
after new vectors so it just becomes
like
uh it it becomes almost a silly game of
of your neighbor gets a guard dog so you
get a bigger guard dog and then your
neighbor gets a fence so you're just
constantly outdoing each other it's
called the the security Paradigm people
just they just one up each other because
it's never worth it to just get to the
same level you're always trying to outdo
each other yeah then maybe like banks
have to fight that fight but not not
everybody can right yeah no so you're
saying I operated at the state-ofthe-art
with the trip wires this is to know
absolutely man and and also just not not
using anybody else's Services doing the
doing the everything myself so that's
it's harder to figure out what the heck
this person is doing because if I'm
using somebody else's service like I did
with
qap I have a cup NASA I used for Cold
Storage of unimportant things but a
large videos and I don't know if you
know but qap is is a company that does
Naas storage devices and they got hacked
and everybody that didn't update as of a
week ago from the point of the zero Day
Hack everybody got hacked it's several
thousands machines and they asked um you
can get your data back if you pay I
forget what it was but it was um it's
about a couple thousand
dollars and qap can get all the data
back for their customers if they pay I
think $2 million wow but that came from
me relying on the system of others for
security I was I I assumed this company
would have their security handled but
then that was a very valuable lesson to
me I now
have uh like layers of security and also
an understanding which data is really
important which is somewhat important
which is not that important and layering
that all together so just so you know
the US government the military woke up
to that exact same thing about two years
ago it's still very new I mean they were
sourcing
take night vision goggles for example
they were sourcing components and
engineering and blueprints for night
vision goggles from 3 four five
different subcontractors all over the
country but they never asked themselves
what the security status was of those
self of those
subcontractors so you know fast forward
you know a few years and uh and all of a
sudden they start getting faulty
components they start having night
vision goggles that don't work they
start having supply chain issues where
they have to change their their provider
and and the Army doesn't know that the
provider is changing I mean this is a
strategy the the idea of of going
through third party systems is
identifying the vulnerability in the
supply chain that's a that's a a Savvy
uh offensive practice for for more than
just you know cyber hackers